README.md, before:

# xblock-video

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/raccoongang/xblock-video/dev.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/raccoongang/xblock-video)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/raccoongang/xblock-video/dev.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/raccoongang/xblock-video)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/raccoongang/xblock-video.svg)](https://github.com/raccoongang/xblock-video/releases)

XBlock to embed videos hosted on different video platform into your courses.

The idea of crowd-funded universal video-xblock was brought to the
audience by Nate (Appsembler) on Open edX Con 2016 in Stanford.
It was well-received and first funds were gathered.

The development was initiated  by Raccoon Gang team, basing on
previously developed wistia-xblock. Raccoon Gang guys created universal
pluggable interface and implemented several video-backends:

- Brightcove
- Html5
- Vimeo
- Wistia
- Youtube

Appsembler and Raccoon Gang are presenting the talk on the story of
video-xblock on Open edX Con 2017 in Madrid.

We welcome open-source community to add more video-backends as well as
fix issues.

## Installation

```shell
sudo -sHu edxapp
source ~/edxapp_env
# Install VideoXBlock using pip
pip install --process-dependency-links -e "git+https://github.com/raccoongang/xblock-video.git@dev#egg=video_xblock"
```

## Enabling in Studio

You can enable the Video xblock in studio through the advanced
settings:

1. From the main page of a specific course, click on *Settings*,
   *Advanced Settings* in the top menu.
1. Check for the *Advanced Module List* policy key, and add
   `"video_xblock"` in the policy value list.
   ![Advanced Module List](doc/img/advanced_settings.png)

1. Click on the *Save changes* button.

## Usage

TODO

### Set default values in config files

Sample default settings in `/edx/app/edxapp/cms.env.json`:

```json
    "XBLOCK_SETTINGS": {
      "video_xblock": {
        "threeplaymedia_apikey": "987654321",
        "account_id": "1234567890"
      }
    }
```

## Development

Prereqs: [NodeJS >= 4.0](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/installing-node#updating-npm)

Install development tools and dependencies:

```shell
> make tools deps-test
```

Run quality checks:

```shell
> make quality
```

Run tests:

```shell
> make test
```

## License

The code in this repository is licensed under the GPL v3 licence unless
otherwise noted.

Please see `LICENSE` file for details.

Commit message:

Add xblock-sdk workbench support & basic scenarios (#195)
* Add workbench and basic scenarios for all backends except html5
* Add workbench/README.md and update CHANGELOG.md
* Mention workbench docs in main README.md
* Add ContentStoreMixinTest
* Add PlaybackStateMixinTests
* Add scenarios with transcripts
* Add LocationMixinTests
* Extract DEFAULT_LANG constant

README.md, after:

# xblock-video

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/raccoongang/xblock-video/dev.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/raccoongang/xblock-video)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/raccoongang/xblock-video/dev.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/raccoongang/xblock-video)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/raccoongang/xblock-video.svg)](https://github.com/raccoongang/xblock-video/releases)

XBlock to embed videos hosted on different video platform into your courses.

The idea of crowd-funded universal video-xblock was brought to the
audience by Nate (Appsembler) on Open edX Con 2016 in Stanford.
It was well-received and first funds were gathered.

The development was initiated  by Raccoon Gang team, basing on
previously developed wistia-xblock. Raccoon Gang guys created universal
pluggable interface and implemented several video-backends:

- Brightcove
- Html5
- Vimeo
- Wistia
- Youtube

Appsembler and Raccoon Gang are presenting the talk on the story of
video-xblock on Open edX Con 2017 in Madrid.

We welcome open-source community to add more video-backends as well as
fix issues.

## Installation

```shell
sudo -sHu edxapp
source ~/edxapp_env
# Install VideoXBlock using pip
pip install --process-dependency-links -e "git+https://github.com/raccoongang/xblock-video.git@dev#egg=video_xblock"
```

## Enabling in Studio

You can enable the Video xblock in studio through the advanced
settings:

1. From the main page of a specific course, click on *Settings*,
   *Advanced Settings* in the top menu.
1. Check for the *Advanced Module List* policy key, and add
   `"video_xblock"` in the policy value list.
   ![Advanced Module List](doc/img/advanced_settings.png)

1. Click on the *Save changes* button.

## Usage

TODO

### Set default values in config files

Sample default settings in `/edx/app/edxapp/cms.env.json`:

```json
    "XBLOCK_SETTINGS": {
      "video_xblock": {
        "threeplaymedia_apikey": "987654321",
        "account_id": "1234567890"
      }
    }
```

## Development

Prereqs: [NodeJS >= 4.0](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/installing-node#updating-npm)

Install development tools and dependencies:

```shell
> make tools deps-test
```

Run quality checks:

```shell
> make quality
```

Run tests:

```shell
> make test
```

VideoXBlock is bundled with a set of XBlock-SDK Workbench scenarios.
See [workbench docs](/video_xblock/workbench/README.md) for details.

## License

The code in this repository is licensed under the GPL v3 licence unless
otherwise noted.

Please see `LICENSE` file for details.
